Add JunctionComponent (#31660)
idaholab/moose: framework/doc/content/source/actioncomponents/ComponentJunction.md

# ComponentJunction

!syntax description /ActionComponents/ComponentJunction

The `ComponentJunction` is an [ActionComponent.md] which creates a contiguous junction
between two components.

> The following methods are currently supported to join these two components at boundaries selected on each component:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following [!param](/ActionComponents/ComponentJunction/junction_method) options are currently supported to join these two components at boundaries selected on each component:
```

- `stitch_meshes` when the two components are already in contact, forming a conformal but not yet "stitched" mesh
- `extrude_boundary` for extruding one boundary towards the other and stitching the extruded volume onto both surfaces.

>   This can only be done if the two surfaces have the same meshes. A spline curve following the direction of the components

Reviewer: What does "have the same meshes" mean?

Reviewer 2: reworded

  guides this extrusion.

There is currently no support for joining two components when the boundary meshes would not be conformal if they were

> in contact.

Reviewer: You may need to be more specific about what causes this condition - if they choose to extrude, can that be at any angle, relative the surface normal? Is there any stretching in the lateral direction allowed in the extrusion?

Reviewer 2: At this point i have not enabled the stretching

Reviewer 2: but I ll need to do it for MCRE. so sometime this summer
